c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\obj\Debug\Shop.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Web.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Web.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Core.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\WebMatrix.Data.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Core.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\WebMatrix.Data.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.WebPages.OAuth.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\WebMatrix.WebData.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\obj\Debug\Shop.Web.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\obj\Debug\Shop.Web.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\NHibernate.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Domain.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Marker.NHibernate.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\NHibernate.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\FluentNHibernate.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Domain.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Marker.NHibernate.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Iesi.Collections.xml
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Services.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Shop.Services.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.dll
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.pdb
c:\users\max\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.Extensions.Conventions.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\obj\Debug\Shop.Web.Localization.UserResouces.resources
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\obj\Debug\Shop.Web.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\CommonServiceLocator.NinjectAdapter.Unofficial.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\WebActivator.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\HibernatingRhinos.Profiler.Production.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.SelfHost.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\ImageResizer.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\ImageResizer.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\ImageResizer.Plugins.SimpleFilters.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\ImageResizer.Plugins.SimpleFilters.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.pdb
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\sqlcese40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\sqlceqp40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\sqlceme40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\sqlceer40EN.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\sqlcecompact40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\sqlceca40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\sqlcese40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\sqlceqp40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\sqlceme40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\sqlceer40EN.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\sqlcecompact40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\sqlceca40.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\README_ENU.txt
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\msvcr90.dll
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\amd64\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\x86\Microsoft.VC90.CRT\Microsoft.VC90.CRT.manifest
C:\Users\Max\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Shop\Shop.Web\bin\System.Data.SqlServerCe.dll
